and I'm used to something that's around
30 CC's with the same amount of weight
it started on the second third pole
consistently and once it was warmed up
you know it starts over time hey what's
happenin Barnaby here she learn two more
about the remington chainsaw it's a 51
CC affair it's got 125 hours of carb
certification that's an indication of
the greenness of it it's a low emission
chainsaw after 125 hours you have to get
a tuned up as far as the bar it's an
Oregon bar and chain 18 inches on that
and it comes with a 2 year consumer
warranty it's kind of heavy huh yeah
yeah II think lane right here looking
good with the chainsaw man I understand
you're out there cutting a neighbor's
tree down without authorization possibly
but anyway we're going to talk to you
about that and the performance of this
also the design the quality and the
value like would you buy it so first of
all tell me about you and then tell me
why you were cutting the neighbors tree
down well I'm a licensed general
contractor but I also grew up burnin
wood and so it's no stranger we still
burn a lot of wood I'm not comfortable
unless I've got five or six cord out
back and that's just for campfires and
hot dogs okay so you're a couple tree
shorts you went over and wasted the
neighbors tree yeah this one was
encroaching on the driveway and so a lot
of times ornamental trees and things
need to be removed and right this one
needed to be removed right and so you
come across the yard going I'm a
licensed contractor with the chainsaw
the tree down right it could happen okay
so have this worked for you really well
this is a little bit like a mid-sized
unit so I'm used to using a chainsaw
this size which actually has quite a
smaller engine so when you're looking
for a saw it's you know good for pruning
kind of up in the air cuts in all day
and then still bucking up logs and stuff
I thought this really handled and
performed very well okay so how many
trees should you cut down just that one
okay and then we did a little more
firewood off the side just to kind of
burn up the chain a little bit and see
how long it was going to last and okay
so being a wood burning man and the guy
that has to create the fuel for that
sort of passion you've used a lot of
chainsaws right yes I have okay so how
does this perform against others you've
used um you know I've used everything
from a high end chainsaws of press you
know professional cuttings and stuff and
I think this for a homeowner ended unit
if it's right there in the mid drain so
it's going to give you a lot of
versatility between you know some pretty
decent lumber and pruning for the guy
that's basically cutting wood for
himself it's a beautiful saw if you're a
professional you know wood cutter you're
probably going to go with something a
little bit longer bar and a little more
engine anyways but sure this will handle
just about anything your average
homeowner can put at it okay give me a
Show and Tell on it what do you think
about the design of it um you know it's
a pretty straightforward design most
chainsaws or typically built for
right-handed people unfortunately and
this one's no different but everything I
like that it's clearly marked highly
visible you know exactly where the bar
oil goes your gas oil mix your primer
bulb it's very easy to spot with the
high colored buttons and knobs yeah I
like that the startup procedure is right
there clear where you can see it
ergonomically it is it's balanced pretty
well yeah so you know I'm not going to
make one-handed cuts with it today but
do you know what about one-handed starts
well for safety reasons you really
should put your foot embrace it right
here and you'll start it on the ground
in a secure location absolutely but you
know how it is when you're out there
just starts a pretty easily on the one
hand mover to it right so it says it has
electronic ignition take me through that
because they talked about you know being
able to start up in all sorts of
different conditions yeah the electronic
ignition when you pull the throttle it
actually creates a current for the
magneto so it's they call it a soft
start on this one and it certainly feels
soft when you pull it you know you're
not you don't have to jerk your arm out
trying to do it it tells you right in
the directions you know a couple nice
easy pulls it started on the second
third Pole consistently and once it was
warmed up you know it starts every time
yeah any sort of a vibration control on
it
it does have some anti vibration control
so you can see it's pretty flexible on
the chassis and so you know it certainly
it did take somebody out of the
vibration out of it you know it's got a
nice positive bar so you actually bear
that right in - yeah the wood get a
little more leverage on your cut so you
can really hog on that chain mm-hmm oh
it is fairly quiet - compared to other
chainsaws it's noticeably quieter good
to know all right so let's get down to
the quality what do you think about it
you know for the homeowner once again
not the lumberjack out there fell on the
big trees do you think it's going to
hold up
do I mean it's it's what I consider
pretty good quality there's you know
some cast aluminum parts a lot of
plastic with the anti vibration I mean
it feels flexible so it does give you a
little concern you know if you're hard
on it you drop it a few times there is a
chance that you may break some of the
plastic Hardware on it so that's a
little concern but well I'd you know
good motor it's definitely you know
around what is it fifty some CCS which
you want to seize and I'm used to
something that's around 30 CC's with the
same amount of weight so good quality
some good sound to it
good sound yeah I think it's very well
designed and I think that it's going to
stand up you know for your average
homeowner that's you know using it on
weekends around the house lots of years
of service and probably inevitably lent
out as well because not if you want to
keep it running okay so let's talk then
about the other buy sell proposition on
this because you know what after you've
used it people are going to ask you a
you know I saw you with that chainsaw is
that one I should buy because there's
tool Envy in the neighborhood right
mm-hmm so what do you think I think this
is a really great value for this tool
it's in a great price range you're
getting a kind of an upgraded motor an
upgraded bar and chain with the Oregon
so you really can't go wrong with the
saw I think that I've used other saws in
that same price range that didn't have
the performance didn't have the the
comfortable feel that were loud
obnoxious to use so really good value on
the saw cool all right well you know
what it's always interesting to come to
tools select and hear the tales of
people who have used tools because
that's what you're after real stats from
real people to make it real easy to
figure out which tool is right for you
you